README.md, before:

# BellyButton

## Project Overview

- Create a bar chart of the top ten bacterial species in a volunteer’s navel. Use JavaScript to select only the most populous species.
- Create a bubble chart to visualize the relative frequency of all the bacterial species found in a volunteer’s navel.
- Complete the demographic information panel, if you have not done so.



## Resources
- Data Source: [BellyButton Sample Info](https://github.com/vrod237/BellyButton/blob/master/samples.json)
- Software: Visual Studio Code, 1.38.1, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS & D3.js

## Summary


- Access BellyButton Analysis website <a href="https://vrod237.github.io/BellyButton/">here</a>

- The Demographic Info lists the ID number, ethnicity, gender, age, location, bbtype and belly button wash frequency per week. 

- The Bar Chart lists the top 10 OTUs found in the individual based off the ID number selected in the Test Subject ID No.

- The Bubble Chart displays the relative frequency of all bacterial species found in a volunteer's navel, based off their ID number.

Commit message:

Added purpose statement
Added purpose statement to ReadME file

README.md, after:

# BellyButton

## Purpose

The purpose of this project is to create a website that displayed charts that changed based on the input selected. The site will display the bacteria found in each participant's belly button. These bacteria are being studied as a means to create synthetic meat.

## Project Overview

- Create a bar chart of the top ten bacterial species in a volunteer’s navel. Use JavaScript to select only the most populous species.
- Create a bubble chart to visualize the relative frequency of all the bacterial species found in a volunteer’s navel.
- Complete the demographic information panel, if you have not done so.



## Resources
- Data Source: [BellyButton Sample Info](https://github.com/vrod237/BellyButton/blob/master/samples.json)
- Software: Visual Studio Code, 1.38.1, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS & D3.js

## Summary


- Access BellyButton Analysis website <a href="https://vrod237.github.io/BellyButton/">here</a>

- The Demographic Info lists the ID number, ethnicity, gender, age, location, bbtype and belly button wash frequency per week. 

- The Bar Chart lists the top 10 OTUs found in the individual based off the ID number selected in the Test Subject ID No.

- The Bubble Chart displays the relative frequency of all bacterial species found in a volunteer's navel, based off their ID number.
